add CA certificate verification and insecure option (#125)
hashicorp/terraform-provider-http: CHANGELOG.md

## 3.1.0 (unreleased)

ENHANCEMENTS:

> * data-source/http: TLS certificate validation is optional and handed by `insecure`. Additional CA certificates can be provided by `ca_cert_pem` ([#125](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-http/pull/125)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* data-source/http: Added `ca_cert_pem` attribute which allows PEM encoded certificate(s) to be included in the set of root certificate authorities used when verifying server certificates ([#125](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-http/pull/125)).
* data-source/http: Added `insecure` attribute to allow disabling of the verification of a server's certificate chain and host name. Defaults to `false` ([#125](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-http/pull/125)).
```

ENHANCEMENTS:

* data-source/http: Added `ca_cert_pem` attribute which allows PEM encoded certificate(s) to be included in the set of root certificate authorities used when verifying server certificates ([#125](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-http/pull/125)).

> * data-source/http: Added `insecure` attribute to allow disabling of the verification of a server's certificate chain and host name. Defaults to `false` ([#125](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-http/pull/125)).

Author: Done
